Deprecations and index page review (#7)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

[[index]]
:description: This section describes the Neo4j GraphQL Library.
= Neo4j GraphQL Library

[NOTE]
====
The GRANDstack starter app has been deprecated. 
For more information, read the section on xref::deprecations.adoc[Deprecations].
====

> The Neo4j GraphQL Library is a highly flexible, low-code, open source JavaScript library that enables rapid API development for cross-platform, and mobile applications by tapping into the power of connected data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Neo4j GraphQL Library is a highly flexible, low-code, open source JavaScript library that enables rapid API development for cross-platform and mobile applications by tapping into the power of connected data.
```

With Neo4j as the graph database, the GraphQL Library makes it simple for applications to have data treated as a graph natively from the front-end all the way to storage.
This avoids duplicate schema work and ensures flawless integration between front-end and backend developers.

== How it works

> Written in TypeScript, the Neo4j GraphQL Library offers a set of type definitions that describes the shape of your graph data.

Reviewer: I would remove the language, and highlight that the library requires type definitions of the user to generate the schema.

```suggestion
The Neo4j GraphQL Library requires a set of type definitions that describes the shape of your graph data.
```
